add documentation about `data-dd-excluded-activity-mutations` data at… (#31694)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/monitoring_page_performance.md

})
```

You can also ignore specific DOM mutations by marking an element (or one of its ancestors) with the attribute `data-dd-excluded-activity-mutations`.  

> This is useful for elements that constantly update but don’t indicate real UI instability — like loading spinners, progress bars, or live clocks.

Author: ```suggestion
This is useful for elements that constantly update but don't indicate real UI instability like loading spinners, progress bars, or live clocks.
```
